Hello Håkan here.
Today is a special day. I will try to make driving license here in Thailand.
And it is possible in one day.
I will try to make it in one day.
I really want a driving license
Come with me!
Hot weather today
Pierre: Håkan Helmet helmet!
I did not study anything. I have been driving 5 years without driving license
Pierre: So you will pass the practical test?
Yes, the practical test will be no problem
But the questions if it is in Thai and so. I heard that you have to watch a video for 2 hours
Lady: Visa copy!
Yea, okey.
Pierre: So you need more copies?
Yes, I need one more copy
Welcome to Thailand
I need also copy Kap. For visa.
Pierre: Why did she not tell you first time? Or did she misunderstand something?
One question. Do I need document from the doctor?
Ok, then we have to fix that
Yes, now we are here in front of Wattana Clinic. For the Doctors certificate
Hej, you working here?
I need a doctor, i need to check that
I want to check that I am healthy
I´ve been here before. For my workpermit.
I don´t know what they going to check today?
They going to look my knee?
I drop little in weight. 87,70 kilo. I want to drop 3 kilo.
To 85 kilo. is okey.
I was up on 94 before. And then my ears started to pump.
My blood pressure. So I have medicine for high blood pressure.
Pierre:But don´t tell the doctor.
No we don´t tell him anything
i eating ehh, I eating...
Tablets
For blood pressure
Hello sawadee kap, how are you?
Doctor: EEHHH
I am high pressure
And normal is like? ehh.
But I am eating..ehh
I eating ehh
Doctor: Yes, for Blood pressure
You take tablet for blood pressure also?
Va?
Yes, I take it only for six month
Because my mother have high blood pressure
Yes, in the morning I eat. For six month
Okey for driving license, okey.
Pierre: How much was it?
200 baht
But, my mother she changed, many times she changed the medicine.
Maybe I have to change or take more?
Pierre:Check with the doctor.
I will do that in Sweden
Ok, now we are finished with this.
NEXT EPISODE: I have to come back 20:th of July! [1,5 month later]
Because there is too many people!
Is it for the theory?
Don´t miss next episode. Will Håkan make it in one day? It doesn´t seems like that.